ENH: Add option to only merge column header cells in `ExcelFormatter`. (#59081)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v3.0.0.rst

- :meth:`DataFrame.pivot_table` and :func:`pivot_table` now allow the passing of keyword arguments to ``aggfunc`` through ``**kwargs`` (:issue:`57884`)
- :meth:`Series.cummin` and :meth:`Series.cummax` now supports :class:`CategoricalDtype` (:issue:`52335`)
- :meth:`Series.plot` now correctly handle the ``ylabel`` parameter for pie charts, allowing for explicit control over the y-axis label (:issue:`58239`)

> - Add option to only merge MultiIndex column header header cells in :func:`DataFrame.to_excel` (:issue:`35384`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :func:`DataFrame.to_excel` argument ``merge_cells`` now accepts a value of ``"columns"`` to only merge :class:`MultiIndex` column header header cells (:issue:`35384`)
```
